Create ui-c8y-1021-22-38-it-is-now-possible-to-set-max-value-as-0-for.md (#2979)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-22-38-it-is-now-possible-to-set-max-value-as-0-for.md

---
date: ""

> title: It is now possible to set 0 as max value for the radial gauge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Radial gauge can now have 0 as max value
```

> title: It is now possible to set max value as 0 for the radial gauge. (#8340) [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#8386)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: It is now possible to set 0 as max value for the radial gauge.
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62706
version: 1021.22.38
---

> It is now possible to set max value as 0 for the radial gauge. (#8340) [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#8386)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously, the radial gauge widget did not allow setting the maximum value to 0, limiting its flexibility in certain scenarios. With this change, users can now set the max value of the radial gauge to 0 if needed. This enhancement expands the range of values the radial gauge can display, enabling users to represent a wider variety of data points and create visualizations where a maximum value of 0 is required.
```

> Previously, the radial gauge widget did not allow setting the maximum value to 0, limiting its flexibility in certain scenarios. With this change, users can now set the max value of the radial gauge to 0 if needed. This enhancement expands the range of values the radial gauge can display, enabling users to represent a wider variety of data points and create visualizations where a maximum value of 0 is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, the "Radial gauge" widget did not allow setting the maximum value to 0, limiting its flexibility in certain scenarios. With this change, users can now set the max value of the radial gauge to 0 if needed. This enhancement expands the range of values the radial gauge can display, enabling users to represent a wider variety of data points and create visualizations where a maximum value of 0 is required.
```
